helm: support external TLS certificate sources via volume overrides and extraInitContainers (#46688)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/clustermesh/setup.rst

  kubectl --context=$CLUSTER1 get secret -n kube-system cilium-ca -o yaml | \
    kubectl --context $CLUSTER2 create -f -

.. _clustermesh_external_tls:

Using External TLS Certificates with Cluster Mesh

> ==================================================

Reviewer: I am planning to improve this doc soon related to certs handling but unfortunately this explanation doesn't really fit well into the current doc. Also it explain many implementation details while we should probably keep this fairly user facing.

So some short/consize explanation could be good here but not including entirely should be fine for now (I will try to align on Hubble for their cert doc later anyway).

Author: Shortened this to a brief overview with a cross-reference to the Hubble TLS doc. Happy to remove entirely if you'd prefer to cover it in your upcoming cert docs rework.

  kubectl --context=$CLUSTER1 get secret -n kube-system cilium-ca -o yaml | \
    kubectl --context $CLUSTER2 create -f -

.. _clustermesh_external_tls:

Custom Per-Pod Certificates
===========================

The Helm chart supports disabling the default TLS certificate volumes
for Cluster Mesh components via ``disableDefaultVolumes``, allowing you
to provide your own via ``extraVolumes``/``extraVolumeMounts`` and inject

> certificate agents via ``extraInitContainers``. This is useful when you

Reviewer 2: The language here is similarly passive; as a project or as a piece of software, Cilium does not "allow" the user to do this per se; the user can just do it. Suggest to reword for clarity and directness:

```suggestion
You can inject custom certificates by configuring the following Helm settings:

- Set ``disableDefaultVolumes=true``
- Inject your own certificate agent via ``extraInitContainers``
- Specify ``extraVolumes``/``extraVolumeMounts`` to share the certificate mount with the init container

This is useful when you
```
(...) continue the rest of the paragraph
